Update readme files (#8)
wildfly/ejb-client-testsuite: README.md

# EJB test suite

This is upstream EJB integration TS.

# Quick start

The following commands starts the whole TS with latest upstream bits:

```bash
mvn -B -ntp package -DspecificModule=prepare
mvn -B -ntp dependency:tree clean verify --fail-at-end
```

# TS structure

There are three modules in this TS, see the details in following links:

* [basic client tests](basic)
* [multinode tests](multinode)
* [timers tests](timers)

> [Basic client tests](basic) and [multinode tests](multinode) can be started with one those options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Basic client tests](basic) and [multinode tests](multinode) can be started with one of those options which determines where to get EJB client dependencies for testing:
```

Author: +1, updated.

> * Use bom files. With this configuration, the documentation above describes `-Dserver.home` or `server.zip` parameters. As an alternative for using one of those properties, you can also build server with the latest upstream bits by `mvn -B -ntp package -DspecificModule=prepare` command and then not use `-Dserver.home` or `server.zip` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use BOMs to govern client dependencies. With this configuration, the documentation above describes `-Dserver.home` or `-Dserver.zip` parameters. As an alternative for using one of those properties, you can also build server with the latest upstream bits by `mvn -B -ntp package -DspecificModule=prepare` command and then not use `-Dserver.home` or `-Dserver.zip` parameters.
```

Reviewer: also what "documentation above" refers to? I don't see description of those parameters anywhere in this file.

Author: Updated, thanks!

> also what "documentation above" refers to? I don't see description of those parameters anywhere in this file.

This file contains links to basic and multinode subfolders with readme where those parameters are described: https://github.com/marekkopecky/ejb-client-testsuite/blob/readme/README.md
